[RUM-1032] Add documentation for Flutter's RumUserActionDetector (#19834)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/flutter/_index.md

- `RumConfiguration.tracingSamplingRate` sets a default sampling rate of 20%. If you want all resources requests to generate a full distributed trace, set this value to `100.0`.

## Automatically track actions

Use [`RumUserActionDetector`][13] to track user taps that happen in a given Widget tree:

```dart
RumUserActionDetector(
  rum: DatadogSdk.instance.rum,
  child: Scaffold(
    appBar: AppBar(
      title: const Text('RUM'),
    ),
    body: // Rest of your application
  ),
);
```

`RumUserActionDetector` automatically detects tap user actions that occur in its tree and sends them to RUM. It detects interactions with several common Flutter widgets.

> For most Button types, the detector will look for a `Text` widget child, which it will use for the description of the action. In other cases it will look for a child `Semantics` object, or an `Icon` with its `Icon.semanticsLabel` property set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most Button types, the detector looks for a `Text` widget child, which it uses for the description of the action. In other cases it looks for a `Semantics` object child, or an `Icon` with its `Icon.semanticsLabel` property set.
```

> Alternately, you can enclose any Widget tree with a [`RumUserActionAnnotation``][14], which will use the provided description when reporting user actions detected in the child tree, without changing the Semantics of the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can enclose any Widget tree with a [`RumUserActionAnnotation``][14], which will use the provided description when reporting user actions detected in the child tree, without changing the Semantics of the tree.
```

Reviewer: Are the double back ticks in `RumUserActionAnnotation`` intentional?
